Avoid needing a shell to support distroless environment (#299)
KnapsackPro/knapsack_pro-ruby: CHANGELOG.md

### UNRELEASED

> * (minor): Avoid needing a shell to support distroless environment

Reviewer: plea

This is not true, we still do not support distroless 100%:

```suggestion
* (minor): Avoid needing a shell to support distroless environments (in most cases)
```
